Added Dashboard to the user Docs (#1083)
btcpayserver/btcpayserver-doc: docs/Dashboard.md

# Dashboard 

:::tip
Balance graph and recent transaction are currently only available for an on-chain payment method. Information about Lightning network balances and transactions is on to-do.
:::

BTCPay Server version 1.5.0 introduced a new dashboard concept that features several tiles that will help with the initial setup, better understand the store's data and manage refunds and payouts with ease.

> ![BTCPay Server Navigation](./img/dashboard/dashboardgif.gif "BTCPay Server Navigation")

Reviewer: ```suggestion

![BTCPay Server Navigation](./img/dashboard/dashboardgif.gif "BTCPay Server Navigation")
```

> ## What do the tiles tell?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##  Dashboard tiles
```

There are five main sections to the Dashboard. 

> * Wallet Balance 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Wallet Balance 
```

>     This is the current store [Wallet](Wallet.md) balance. 
>     The view shows a balance graph by Week, Month, or year. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the current store [Wallet](Wallet.md) balance.  The view shows a balance graph by week, month, or a year. 
```

![BTCPay Server Navigation](./img/dashboard/wallet-view.jpg "BTCPay Server Navigation")

> * Transaction activity 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Transaction activity 
```

>     Quickly manage Pending Payouts, view recent transactions, and overview outstanding [refunds](Refund.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quickly manage pending payouts, view recent transactions, and overview outstanding [refunds](Refund.md)
```

![BTCPay Server Navigation](./img/dashboard/tx-activity-view.jpg "BTCPay Server Navigation")

> * Recent Transactions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Recent Transactions
```

>     The last five transactions are shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Showcasing the five most recent transactions that arrived to your on-chain wallet. 
```

![BTCPay Server Navigation](./img/dashboard/recent-tx-view.jpg "BTCPay Server Navigation")

> * Recent Invoices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Recent invoices
```

>     The last five invoices are shown with their corresponding status and value.
>     It also allows you to directly access and manage a particular [invoice](/Invoices.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The five  most recent invoices are shown with their corresponding status and value allowing you to quickly access and manage a particular [invoice](/Invoices.md). 
```

![BTCPay Server Navigation](./img/dashboard/recent-invoice-view.jpg "BTCPay Server Navigation")

> * Current active [Crowdfund](Apps.md#Crowdfunding-App)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Current active crowdfund
```

>     This tile shows the current active crowdfunds, including their top-ranked items. 
>     When more than one active crowdfund is happening, the tiles will show below the initial one. 
>     There's easy access to crowdfund management or to see all the perks you've set from these panels. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tile shows the current active crowdfunds, including their top-ranked items/perks. When more than one crowdfunding app is active crowdfund is, the tiles will show below the initial one. That's an easy way to manage your active crowdfund campaigns and see all the perks and how they're performing. 
```

# Dashboard 

:::tip

> Balance graph and recent transaction are only available for on-chain wallets, where we don't have any data that's special for Lightning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Balance graph and recent transaction are currently only available for an on-chain payment method. Information about Lightning network balances and transactions is on to-do.
```

:::

> This page will tell you about the Dashboard panel in your **BTCPay user interface**.
> As of BTCPay server v1.5, we've added new panels to the Dashboard page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BTCPay Server version 1.5.0 introduced a new dashboard concept that features several tiles that will help with the initial setup, better understand the store's data and manage refunds and payouts with ease.
```

> Not only will it now take you through the initial setup of your store's wallet, but once you are set up, you get basic analytics of your store!
> 

Reviewer: Already mentioned this in the paragraph above 😄 
```suggestion
```

![BTCPay Server Navigation](./img/dashboard/dashboardgif.gif "BTCPay Server Navigation")

## What do the tiles tell?

There are five main sections to the Dashboard. 

* Wallet Balance 
    This is the current store [Wallet](Wallet.md) balance. 
    The view shows a balance graph by Week, Month, or year. 

![BTCPay Server Navigation](./img/dashboard/wallet-view.jpg "BTCPay Server Navigation")

> * TX Activity 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Transaction activity 
```

>     Quickly manage Pending Payouts, view recent TXs, and overview outstanding [refunds](Refund.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Quickly manage Pending Payouts, view recent transactions, and overview outstanding [refunds](Refund.md)
```

![BTCPay Server Navigation](./img/dashboard/tx-activity-view.jpg "BTCPay Server Navigation")

* Recent Transactions
    The last five transactions are shown.

![BTCPay Server Navigation](./img/dashboard/recent-tx-view.jpg "BTCPay Server Navigation")

* Recent Invoices
    The last five invoices are shown with their corresponding status and value.

>     It also allows you to go directly to all [invoices](/Invoices.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It also allows you to directly access and manage a particular [invoice](/Invoices.md). 
```

![BTCPay Server Navigation](./img/dashboard/recent-invoice-view.jpg "BTCPay Server Navigation")

* Current active [Crowdfund](Apps.md#Crowdfunding-App)

>     This tile shows the current active Crowdfunds, including their top-ranked items. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This tile shows the current active crowdfunds, including their top-ranked items. 
```

>     When more than one active Crowdfund is happening, the panels will show below the initial one. 

Reviewer: using tiles over panels for consistency.
```suggestion
    When more than one active crowdfund is happening, the tiles will show below the initial one. 
```

>     There's easy access to Crowdfund management or to see all the perks you've set from these panels. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    There's easy access to crowdfund management or to see all the perks you've set from these panels. 
```
